กรุงเทพมหานคร
============
<video controls="true" width="700">
  <source src="blade-runner-2022.mp4" type="video/mp4"/>
</video>

![rain](rain-1_small.webp)

![more rain](rain-2_small.webp)

![even more rain](rain-3_small.webp)

![beware of cars](beware_small.webp)

Welcome to the Land of Smiles.

The prostitutes block your path in neat formations like rows of tiny stilettoed
linebackers.  The one who grabbed my crotch had implausibly strong hands.

As it was my birthday, I issued a decree that there would be no girlie bars on
the night's crawl, nor go-go dancers, unsolicited solicitations, kickbacks from
the bartender, or where are you from.  Massage?  A bar nearby is called
"Friendship Bar."  A Google review claims "nice girls, no pressure."  Well that
doesn't sound so bad.  Nice girls, no pressure.  Who doesn't like friendship?

We ate at the first pub, a sleepy spot practically devoid of humans and
featuring a pool table and a dart board, and a full kitchen.  The portions were
small, so we ordered two entrees each.  The cook would even make things off
the menu by request.  Pretty cool for a sports dive.

Then it was off to an English themed pub.  Here we discovered Beerlao Dark as
recommended by Uncle Charlie, and watched some of whatever soccer game was on.
We returned there briefly some days later but had to leave in a hurry to find
relief from the earwax-melting pop duo who were saturating the airwaves with
scintillating renditions of Radiohead's "Creep" and older bar fare while
shitfaced regulars howled the lyric in discordant unison.  Then it was time to
up the ante and head to a semi-outdoor beer extravaganza, also with a full
kitchen and World Cup soccer.  There are many places to drink in this part of
Bangkok.  All expats and tourists.

I'm reminded that South Korea versus Ghana was a pretty exciting soccer game.
For example, the score was not 0-0.  Ghana, coming in widely outranked by
Korea, scored two goals right off the bat, or whatever the analogy is in
soccer. Then Korea managed to tie it up.  Ghana scored again, and there just
wasn't enough time for Korea to take it back.  If I were judging based solely on
the reactions of the Korean fans, I'd say the world had truly ended.

There are other things to see and do in Bangkok.

![river](river_small.webp)

![moon](moon_small.webp)

![water ripple](ripple_small.webp)

![path](path_small.webp)

![cat](cat_small.webp)

![park](park_small.webp)

I didn't get a good shot of it, but that park was infested with dog-sized [monitor lizards][1], or I think that's what they are.  Godzilla.

![lizard](lizard_small.webp)

![more lizards](lizard-2_small.webp)

![roof](roof_small.webp)

![reflection](reflection_small.webp)

![skyline](skyline_small.webp)

Today we saw the sights, including the palace and the reclining Buddha.

![palace 1/4](palace-1_small.webp)

![palace 2/4](palace-2_small.webp)

![palace 3/4](palace-3_small.webp)

![palace 4/4](palace-4_small.webp)

![buddha 1/3](buddha-1_small.webp)

![buddha 2/3](buddha-2_small.webp)

![buddha 3/3](buddha-3_small.webp)

Peekaboo!

![tree](tree_small.webp)

The interior walls of one of the buildings was covered in "Where's Waldo?"
style murals depicting warring peoples, apes, demons, gods, and all sorts of
wild stuff.

![mural 1/3](mural-1_small.webp)

![mural 2/3](mural-2_small.webp)

![mural 3/3](mural-3_small.webp)

I'm pretty sure Pasha has tuberculosis.  Or maybe it's yellow fever.  I'm
getting better at aiming the discolored dollops of glue that I expel from my
nose in the shower every morning.  Straight for the drain, it's a mess to clean
off the tile.

In Vietnam I could attempt to pronounce the writing.  In Thailand there's no
chance.  Here's a sample of the script:

![writing](writing_small.webp)

Let's try to navigate the delivery menu.

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monitor_lizard
