Europe, Day 8
=============
*[2020 note: the images get more corrupted as the post goes on.]*

Slept in a bit today. Vineet’s vibrant nasopharyngeal discharge has
accordingly ceased.

The “morning” looked like coffee and tapas for brunch at an outdoor café,
followed by a stroll in a random direction out of the touristy section where
we are staying (Sol), into a place where there are people who actually live
in Madrid. Turns out that walk was longer than it felt, because by the time
we stopped to rest, it was time to head to another part of town for our 3:00
bicycle tour.

We saw the spokes and the pedals and the HANDLEBARS and oh! You should have
seen the seat.

After this Vineet and I each got on a bike, along with the only other – our
very own personal Swiss tour guide. He was older, and he seemed to know
everything there is to know about the history of Europe, so that was good.
The ride was nearly three hours, so you really get to see a lot of the
sights of the city this way, as he later mapped out for us in green and blue
highlighter:
 
![](europe8-001_small.jpg) 

This would have been a good thing to do the first day, but we didn’t know to
do it the first day. Anyway, there were many pretty pictures to take.

There was guy on horse:

![](europe8-002_small.jpg)

A palace:

![](europe8-003_small.jpg)

A cathedral:

![](europe8-004_small.jpg)

Our guide (now I remember his name – Casper. Casper the friendly bicycle
tour guide) was not impressed by the stained glass on the cathedral. Well,
you try staining glass and we’ll see how it comes out.

I was surprised to learn just how much royal mingling there was in the last
six centuries. For example, that palace two above was designed by the French
(baroque style, if you’re into that), built by an Italian king, in Spain.

Then there’s this big plaza:

![](europe8-005_small.jpg)
 
With nice arched entrances:
 
![](europe8-006_small.jpg)

Oh, and Spain has no government. They can’t decide who’s in charge so
they’re just like fuck it we’ll do it later. There is still a congressional
building, though, just for us:
 
![](europe8-007_small.jpg)

There were plenty of other pretty buildings, but also a vertical garden:
 
![](europe8-008_small.jpg)

A horizontal garden:

![](europe8-009_small.jpg) 

And trees beginning to change color:

![](europe8-010_small.jpg) 

Part of the trouble of learning the history of buildings in Europe is that
the stories mostly fit the same template. At one point, Vineet and I were
walking into some historical square, and there was a brass plaque on the
wall explaining, in Spanish, what the building was. Vineet asked me what is
says, and I replied that the building had been commissioned hundreds of
years ago by a powerful rich person, and was built over multiple decades, at
great expense (some people died building it!), and served an official
purpose until about a hundred years later it was severely damaged in a war,
and was sold and long abandoned until within the last 100 years it was
bought by a preservation society that left it in the custody of the city and
recently restored it, so that it now serves as a gift shop and has an
impressive plaque on it. Many of the prettiest buildings seem to share this
story. I have no idea what the plaque says.
*[2020 note: I'm not confident that conversation actually occurred]*

Check out this one:

![](europe8-011_small.jpg) 

Some guy lived or died there. Or is buried there. Or some combination.

Here’s the town hall:

![](europe8-012_small.jpg) 

Refugees are welcome into this building. I did not see such a banner at
immigration, though. Check out the statues. They are actually statesmen
frozen in carbonite – according to the prophecy, they will come back to life
when either a government is formed in Spain or unemployment drops below 20%,
whichever happens first. Some were first transformed into giant cats by the
Witch King of Leon.

That’s all solid marble. Don’t make them like they used to.

There is a colossal tribute to Columbus discovering the New World:

![](europe8-013_small.jpg) 
 
![](europe8-014_small.jpg) 
 
![](europe8-015.gif) 

And finally, since you asked, another guy on a horse:

![](europe8-016_small.jpg) 

Had your fill? Granted, Madrid has nothing on Iceland in the horse
department, but they make a good effort:

![](europe8-017_small.jpg) 
 
Tomorrow it’s off to Barcelona. Buenas noches.

<table class="series">
  <tr><th colspan="6">Europe</th></tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="europe1.html">Day 1</a></td>
    <td><a href="europe2.html">Day 2</a></td>
    <td><a href="europe7.html">Day 7</a></td>
    <td>Day 8</td>
    <td><a href="europe10.html">Day 10</a></td>
    <td><a href="europe13.html">Day 13</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>
