India, Day 15
=============
They have Jesus in Kerala.

![](../site/india6_66_small.jpg)

Christianity, Islam, and Hinduism simmer together in the region like mismatched
spices in some yogurt dish.  There's even a synagogue.  And a bronze chicken.

![](../site/india6_50_small.jpg)

For comparison, here are real chickens.

![](../site/india6_17_small.jpg)

We began our long descent from the mountains at eight o'clock.  Arun insisted
that we be ready to go by seven, which we were.  With eight milligrams of
loperamide in my stomach, I was a rock, a clogged sink.

![](../site/india6_1_small.jpg)

Arun didn't read into Vineet's regular requests to turn down the music, but
I didn't mind.  It was like a cooking show travel montage.

We stopped for breakfast in a homey outdoor cafe.  I ordered the smallest thing
on the menu.

![](../site/india6_2_small.jpg)

![](../site/hat_small.jpg)

I liked the place.  Also, I found myself liking the people in Kerala generally.
It was probably because they were not yelling at me to give them money.  Or
maybe they're better looking.  The cashier girl at the airport KFC just would
not stop smiling.

Have you ever wondered how to tell if a restaurant is classy?  I've developed
a diagnostic that you can use.  If there is a sign in the bathroom forbidding
vomiting in the sink, then the restaurant has at least two Michelin stars.

![](../site/india6_3_small.jpg)

My pancake volcano caused no discomfort.

![](../site/india6_4_small.jpg)

Car hopping from place to place to see the sights worked for Delhi, Agra, and
Jaipur.  In Kerala, however, it seemed excessive.  Aside from sleeping at
night, we spent by far the most of our time in the car going somewhere or the
other.  Six of us and the driver, hobbled into a four wheel drive barreling
around mountains on partially paved, nearly lawless roads.  You'd be
hard-pressed to read a book or take a picture of something out the window.  But
with Bollywood blaring, it had its own charm.

The better way to do Kerala is slowly.  Our hotel offered complimentary
bicycles.  There are interesting flowers and critters everywhere.  It's quiet.

Things finally slowed down when we reached the [backwaters][1] of Alleppey.

![](../site/india6_5_small.jpg)

There we boarded a big ol' houseboat just for us six and the three crew.

![](../site/india6_14_small.jpg)

There was a helmsman,

![](../site/india6_7_small.jpg)

a cook,

![](../site/india6_39_small.jpg)

and one other crew member who I didn't see much of.

Here is a small diaspora of Australians.  From left to right it's Shaun,
Janice, and Kho Yin, who they call Kho.

![](../site/india6_12_small.jpg)

When not wrestling crocodiles or boxing kangaroos, some Australians do yoga.

![](../site/india6_13_small.jpg)

The houseboat cruises down the river, and everybody just hangs out.  Later that
evening we played charades on the upper deck.

Before dinner, we stopped at the shore of the river to take a walk and see the
sunset across a rice field.

![](../site/india6_15_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_20_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_19_small.jpg)

The cook prepared excellent food for us.  It was "home style" Kerala cooking,
rather than the restaurant buffet northern Indian food we had been inundated
with until that point.  He would occasionally bring out coconuts for us to
drink from, or pineapple slices, and plenty of masala chai.

![](../site/food_small.jpg)

I think Janice took that photo.

While we were charading upstairs, a crew member discreetly turned on the air
conditioners in each of our rooms, so that when we retired at ten o'clock,
our beds were comfortably cool.

I woke up early, but not as early as the crows.  Morning on the river is for
the crows.  I observed them from the upper deck until the Australians arose.

![](../site/india6_26_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_27_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_28_small.jpg)

Without a beast in sight for wrestling, more yoga was sought as a substitute.

![](../site/india6_29_small.jpg)

The rest of the morning was another leisurely cruise down the river, until we
once again reached the shore and was picked up by our driver.

![](../site/india6_32_small.jpg)

It's a couple hours' drive back to Kochi, where the airport is, but we had more
time to kill, so on our last day in Kerala we did some more sightseeing.  This
included a very full museum of _stuff_ including prehistoric cutting tools,
nude portraits, bronze chickens, life-sized crucified Jesuses, and a pantheon
of Hindu gods carved into an ornate wooden ceiling.

![](../site/india6_47_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_45_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_44_small.jpg)

Then we went to a fishery where nets are lowered into the water on giant
levers.  After a couple of minutes, the lever is pulled upright again, and
the resulting catch hangs in the net just above the water.  Or, as was the case
demonstrated to us, nothing ends up in the net just above the water.  Fishing
season is not until later in the year.

These are called Chinese fishing nets.

![](../site/india6_55_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_54_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_56_small.jpg)

We then stopped by God's house to say hello.

![](../site/india6_63_small.jpg)

![](../site/india6_64_small.jpg)

No photography inside God's house.  I recognized all but one of the depictions
inside.  There was of course our boy J-Unit, his mom, his baptism by John,
etc., etc., but also there was this Hindu-looking guy on a horse.  I didn't
learn about him in school.  Dude on a horse, in a church.  He was depicted in
both the smaller old chapel and in the cavernous new one.

Our last stop was a very fancy shopping mall.  I had chicken fried rice and
Vineet got some new kicks.

![](../site/india6_67_small.jpg)

After the mall, Arun dropped us off at the airport so we could catch a direct
flight back to Delhi.  I cabbed with Asha and Vineet, since I would stay the
night at a hotel near where they're staying, or so we thought.  We accidentally
booked the wrong hotel, and so made a couple of last minute re-bookings from
the cab after midnight, which added to the flavor.  The keeper at our first
stop recommended we go across the street, where the air conditioning is
working.  After tipping our patient cab driver, I gratefully accepted a room
with a working air conditioner, hot shower, and flushing toilet.  Not sure
exactly where I was.

The next morning, my pocket elephant alerted me to a possible source of water
damage.  Condensation from the vents of the air conditioner dripped onto the
television and into the cable box.  Using his trunk as a tiny siphon, the
elephant carefully moved the puddle into a drinking glass, and then, bending
forward like a beast of burden, pushed the glass with his head until it was
positioned below the leak.

![](../site/india6_68_small.jpg)

I showered and then went down to have the complimentary breakfast, which was
fine.  There was a man with his two kids, and then later two Indian business
travelers came in speaking English.

The rest of the day I spent hanging out at Vineet's parents' place.  I sat on
their couch working on this blog, learned how to make tea the Ahuja way, and
later met Asha's friend and former coworker Melissa, who would continue to
travel around India after we left that night.

We got lunch with the Australians one last time, walked through a neighborhood
market near Vineet's place, and later that night departed for the airport.

I woke up at around eight o'clock AM Delhi time, Friday, October 4th, and it is
now six o'clock PM New York time, Saturday, October 5th.  Don't be tempted by
night flights, people.

That's it for my first India trip.  I think I'll return someday, next time
adjusting a few knobs:  fewer tours, more people;  less driving, more
wandering;  less airport, more nature.

<img style="width: 200px;" src="../site/hindi.png"/>

<table class="india">
  <tr><th colspan="6">India</th></tr>
  <tr>
    <td><a href="../site/india1.html">Day 1</a></td>
    <td><a href="../site/india2.html">Day 6</a></td>
    <td><a href="../site/india3.html">Day 8</a></td>
    <td><a href="../site/india4.html">Day 10</a></td>
    <td><a href="../site/india5.html">Day 13</a></td>
    <td>Day 15</td>
  </tr>
</table>

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kerala_backwaters